Wait a minute.
Don't say cousin bullies you
What you were about to lift just now was lifted by me
Important how can this work
You eat several times more than others
Cousin naturally has to give you some weight, right?
Yes, otherwise there would be so many of us.
Looking at you eagerly
Take something like this
What do you mean?
Now lift 200 kilograms
Ah!
Hahahaha
Hahahahaha
Sorry, I'm still a little hypoglycemic and can't work
I'll eat a little more
Old Tang, you put your reputation on it
Just to let us watch the live broadcast of the rice bucket
This miracle
It's not that easy to create.
Forget it, don't waste everyone's time.
Judges
Give this little girl two more chances
If he can't lift it three times
Then I have nothing to say
Hahahahahahaha
Oops hahaha
Did you just eat something?
What about my pretend bluff here?
I almost got drummed by you. If it doesn't work, it doesn't work.
Don't hold on hard, haha.
The little girl is too slow to eat steamed buns
Drink glucose directly
Spit out your strength.
I tell you trash is trash
You can't even give him gasoline
So boring
Damn wasting my temper
Hmm, let's go
Come on.
I am not reconciled
It shouldn't be like this
My aunt
Fourth uncle
Uncle Six and the others sell coolies for me to compete
Young people really don't know the sky is high and the earth is thick
I thought I could eat
You are eligible to be in the limelight at the Olympic trials
So boring
Why are there so many people who are not self-aware?
I am not reconciled
He made it.
Grab 200kg
Keep adding weight, I'm fine.
2.10 million
220 kg
230 kg
240 kg
250 kg
This little body
Smell him for you
Set a world record